# DigiCube Repository (Version 2.0 - Block 1m)
### More information at http://www.freestaking.com
 
 
 
 
## DigiCube User Guide can be found on Google Docs
###https://docs.google.com/document/d/19cFHh5sAniSC_0vLr-L_wQ8T4vqo3TGOcf1MnqiDmMw
 
 
 
 
#### New DigiCube Staking Specs

1) Intro

2) Coin Specs

3) Staking Parameters

4) Qt-Based Wallet Features








1) DigiCube is a decentralized, peer-to-peer network
Run by a public ledger known as a blockchain, all transactions must be reviewed and fully approved by equal-level nodes to be considered valid. Any transactions deemed malicious, invalid, or otherwise not acceptable, are automatically rejected by peers who are constantly verifying the accuracy and legitimacy of the ledger in real-time through active running nodes. The rules can not be broken. Any node found behaving poorly is banned from connecting for a short time in case it is a valid reason for invalid blocks

2) Coin Specs
DigiCube has many custom features built in. All information is freely available by reviewing the source code. The standard specs are as follows:


Pure Proof-of-Stake
New coins are generated by holding in the wallet. Users are paid for the amount of stake they have claimed in the network

No Proof-of-Work
PoS is much more energy efficient and cost-effective. This means new users have a lower price of entry to participate

40 Block Maturity
Newly generated coins via Minting will be available after 40 blocks have passed since the new transaction was created

24 Hours for Deposit -> Stake Eligible
Users must wait one full day without moving an input to be eligible to start earning stake and increasing balance naturally

Unique Stake Reward System
DigiCube uses a staking system unlike any other coin ever has. More information is available on Page 3

Built-In Wallet Systems
Access to exchanges, explorer, multipool, analytics, and many other features. More information is available on Page 4


Stake Rate Between 1% and 500% Yearly
This value is decided randomly. Each input will receive a unique stake rate calculated at time of stake
You must meet the parameters on Page 3
3) Staking Parameters
DigiCube uses a very custom staking system. By having both a minimal threshold for eligibility and a maximum reward available per block, CUBE supports a very attractive inflation model for both early and late investors


Minimum CoinAge Required
This is the coin age required to stake at for a positive amount. If you have at least 200% of the block number of CUBE per input, you can stake everyday and recombine daily. If you have less, you will need to lock your wallet until you have accumulated the desired coin age. To lock wallet from staking, there are several options: reservebalance, encrypt and lock with a password, or as a last resort, close the wallet. Each input is calculated separately

If Block Number is 1,000,000, you must have 2,000,000 CoinAge to stake for a positive amount

Failure to reach this limit will result in -10% of that input’s current CoinAge. Longer waiting means higher losses. BE CAREFUL!!


Maximum Reward per Block
This is the maximum reward possible per staking block. If your input would receive more than this amount, the reward will be squished. If you have hit this amount, it is recommended to split your inputs into several smaller transactions

If your daily reward, or cumulative reward, is above the maximum reward per block, it will be squished down to 10% of the current block number worth of CUBE. These numbers scale and change with every block. PLEASE PAY ATTENTION!!

At block 1,000,000, the maximum reward would be set to 100,000 CUBE per block that can be earned by any user

4) Qt-Based Wallet Features
The DigiCube Qt-Based wallet has more functions than most. Many of these can be found in the ‘On the Web’ tab, located near the top right of the wallet. Advanced Coin Control is also available to users who are ready to control every aspect of their DigiCube holdings for max returns

On the Web

FreeStaking
Statistics and Analytics

Exchanges
Full SSL support allows trading of all coins on a site through the DigiCube-Qt

Block Explorer
Verify transactions and view the advanced graphs and charts for network information

Faucet
Through the in-wallet faucet, users are able to claim FREE CUBE every FIVE MINUTES

BlackJack
CubeJack lets users play BlackJack for fun or to bet against the house using CUBE as currency

CubeMiners
The Official DigiCube Multipool is a great way to increase your DigiCube holdings. Currently offering ports for SHA256, Scrypt, x11, and Quark, CubeMiners scans active market prices, difficulty, and hashrate of popular altcoins and mines the most profitable coin at the moment. By using the Bitcoin gained by mining and selling these coins, users are paid out solely in CUBE, which are bought off the open market and aim to increase long-term upward buying pressure


Icons have been redone to improve the general look of Android GUI for large screen displays such as an HDTV
####  
#### All links and apps on http://www.freestaking.com/qt are available in-wallet with FULL SSL SUPPORT!!
